pages/index.md, before:

# Analysis and machine learning: LendingClub

The work is presented in a series of Jupyter notebooks that have been converted to HTML.
Links to these notebooks are labelled below with the Jupyter icon :jupyter-colored:.

## Exploratory Data Analysis

The LendingClub [dataset](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/wordsforthewise/lending-club)
includes data on accepted and rejected loans from 2007 through 2018 Q2.

<!--
    In this document, relative links to html files such as
        html/data-cleaning-01.html
    point to Jupyter notebooks that have been converted to html.  The html directory
    containing these converted notebooks is ignored by git in the main branch (due
    to the .gitignore file).  However, this directory is not ignored by the static
    site generator mkdocs-material.  The site published to branch gh-pages therefore
    includes the html directory.

    Note that the command to publish the repo's site is
        poetry run mkdocs gh-deploy --no-history --strict
-->

### [:jupyter-colored: Define data types, reformat data, and create the database](html/data-cleaning-01.html)

- After preliminary exploration of the data, define a data type for each feature.
- Convert / reformat some columns to facilitate model development.
- Create a SQLite database.

### :jupyter-colored: Explore features

Commit message:

Add warning about browser compatibility

pages/index.md, after:

# Analysis and machine learning: LendingClub

The work is presented in a series of Jupyter notebooks that have been converted to HTML.
Links to these notebooks are labelled below with the Jupyter icon :jupyter-colored:.

!!! warning "Browser compatibility"

    The converted notebooks are best viewed using the Chrome browser.  The HTML files
    generated by Jupyter's [nbconvert](https://github.com/jupyter/nbconvert) tool include
    some features that do not render correctly in Firefox. Compatibility with other browsers
    has not been tested.

## Exploratory Data Analysis

The LendingClub [dataset](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/wordsforthewise/lending-club)
includes data on accepted and rejected loans from 2007 through 2018 Q2.

<!--
    In this document, relative links to html files such as
        html/data-cleaning-01.html
    point to Jupyter notebooks that have been converted to html.  The html directory
    containing these converted notebooks is ignored by git in the main branch (due
    to the .gitignore file).  However, this directory is not ignored by the static
    site generator mkdocs-material.  The site published to branch gh-pages therefore
    includes the html directory.

    Note that the command to publish the repo's site is
        poetry run mkdocs gh-deploy --no-history --strict
-->

### [:jupyter-colored: Define data types, reformat data, and create the database](html/data-cleaning-01.html)

- After preliminary exploration of the data, define a data type for each feature.
- Convert / reformat some columns to facilitate model development.
- Create a SQLite database.

### :jupyter-colored: Explore features
