# Analysis and machine learning: LendingClub

The work is presented in a series of Jupyter notebooks that have been converted to HTML.
Links to these notebooks are labelled below with the Jupyter icon :jupyter-colored:.

!!! warning "Browser compatibility"

    The converted notebooks are best viewed using the Chrome browser.  The HTML files
    generated by Jupyter's [nbconvert](https://github.com/jupyter/nbconvert) tool include
    some features that do not render correctly in Firefox. Compatibility with other browsers
    has not been tested.

## Data cleaning

The LendingClub [dataset](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/wordsforthewise/lending-club)
includes data on accepted and rejected loans from 2007 through 2018 Q2.

<!--
    In this document, relative links to html files such as
        converted_notebooks/data-cleaning-01.html
    point to Jupyter notebooks that have been converted to html.  The converted_notebooks
    directory containing these converted notebooks is ignored by git in the main branch (due
    to the .gitignore file).  However, this directory is not ignored by the static site
    generator mkdocs-material.  The site published to branch gh-pages therefore includes the
    converted_notebooks directory.

    Note that the command to publish the repo's site is
        poetry run mkdocs gh-deploy --no-history --strict
-->

### [:jupyter-colored: Define data types and reformat data](converted_notebooks/data-cleaning-01.html)

- After preliminary exploration of the data, define a data type for each feature.
- Convert / reformat some columns to facilitate model development.

### [:jupyter-colored: Filter columns and rows](converted_notebooks/data-cleaning-02.html)

- Explore features to determine what filtering should be done.
- Filter out certain columns and rows from the data on accepted loans.

## Feature exploration

###  [:jupyter-colored: Summarize the cleaned data](converted_notebooks/feature-summary-01.html)

Summarize the cleaned data in two ways:

- Tables of descriptive statistics
- Plots showing the distribution of values for each feature

### [:jupyter-colored: Classify features](converted_notebooks/feature-classification-01.html)

- Explore features for which the classification is initially unclear.
- Group all features for accepted loans based on the following:
    1. Type of information (e.g., information about the borrower or the loan)
    2. Whether the information is known at loan origination
- Create a SQLite database.

### [:jupyter-colored: Explore correlations](converted_notebooks/correlations-01.html)

- Explore correlations involving selected features in the loan data.

## Analysis

###  [:jupyter-colored: Analysis of interest rate](converted_notebooks/analysis-01.html)

- Introduce [data collected by the Federal Reserve](https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/TERMCBPER24NS)
  on historical interest rates for 24-month personal loans.

    The historical data is used to normalize LendingClub interest rates, giving
    information about how LendingClub rates changed independently of the changes
    occurring in the broader economy.

- Analyze the correlation of the interest rates for LendingClub loans with the following:
    1. Loan grade and sub-grade
    2. Loan term
    3. Loan date
